# begin
<<<<<<< 003_begin
'<center><B><font color = maroon>CHOOSE GAME START</font></B></center>'
*nl
'<B>Original Start:</B>'
'You are Michael Kuznetsov, a fairly average, 35 year old businessman whose life is about to be turned inside out. Features magic and an (incomplete) over-arching plot. Beware of unintelligible translations.'
*nl
'<B>Alternate Start:</B>'
"You are a 15-year-old small-town girl about to start her first year of high school. Name and starting stats are customizable, no magic and no major 'plot' other than <i>life</i>. Not to say that your classmates and family don't have their own stories, though!" 

act '<center><b>Original start</b></center>':
	cla
	showstat 1
	showobjs 1
	addobj 'Player'
	gt 'roomPRE'
=======
'<center><B><font color=maroon>Information on this</font></B></center>'
*nl
'<B>You can provide financial assistance to projects, Yandex money №scheta <font color=maroon>41001801163843</font></B>'
*nl
'Simulator woman`s life with a magical combat component, with the ability to lead and righteous lifestyle and dissolute. You decide what will be the style of play, I never forced to do anything, I just give opportunities, and their implementation entirely on your conscience. And do not moan about some illogical or not realistic, is primarily a game.'
*nl
'<B>Tips for the game.</B>'
'The most important thing, keep the mind and mood at a high level, otherwise nuthouse. ways weight, such as a TV, food, in the extreme case the therapist.
Second Council for clothes, some types of clothing have size, He counted on the thighs, excess on 9 means you can not get dressed.
The third council, can be treated again in the clinic or gradually eating.'
!*nl
!'And remember guys bug is a blank screen with no buttons Action, to deal with it . fat, weight gain, loss of clothing not bugs, and game features. They are subject to certain laws.'
*nl
'<B>version History.</B>'
*nl
'version 1.0.5. edited by DeGross'
'1. Added the ability to use drugs at home parents.
2. Correcting errors when meeting in the park.
3. To replace all android \ to /
4. Removed Event loop with classmates Gopnik in the park.
'
*nl
'version 1.0.4. edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed not stop the music.
2. Correcting errors when meeting in the park, white screen in a hostel and the error in the apartment.
'
*nl
'version 1.0.3. edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed a large dildo.
2. Fixed code combing Albina.
3. Fixed calculation of high degrees of intoxication.
4. Rewrite of bullying Zvereva.
5. The next fix garage Artem.
6. Correction glasses and laser correction.'
*nl
'version 1.0.2. edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed a bug with the women`s novels and picture.
2. Added avtoodevanie truseley apartment parents.
3. Correction and Artem Event with garage'
*nl
'version 1.0.1. edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed bug with Belova.
2. Fixed a bug with watching porn with his brother.
3. Fixed bug with Bow'
*nl
'version 1.0.0. edited by DeGross'
'more 500to the characters from the version 0.9.9.1. Many changes. Some game events can not start or work on the crooked old saved.
Albina made ​​bazovovo not entirely.
Event Artem Chebotarev developed third-party developer, yet done all that he has given.
SIFCO about this masterpiece banter.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.9.1 edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed a bug with the purchase of subscriptions to the section running.
2. Remade out of her boyfriend `s Event at the disco.
3. Changed his mind homework.
4. Photos anus, sperm at different sites.
5. Effect of painful sexual acts to further the mood. You can tear the vagina or anus.
6. Added masturbation hands home. Basic.'
*nl
'version 0.9.9 edited by DeGross'
'
1. added Vitaminki, dietary food, razor in an apartment parents.
2. Rates of personal growth in the northern region of DC. Increasing dominance of money.
3. Sex with randomly boyfriends town. At a campaign event at the disco with her boyfriend, as many as two pieces. their little, but in those of Event calculated mass of possible states reputation.
4. Added NPC reactions to sperm.
5. Fixed some minor bugs. Too early admission to the university, description when renting an apartment. Duration of cleaning toilets. 
6. Unlock an early start for the alternative games. Now.
7. Imposed restrictions on the apparent age for a photo model. Now look older 19 years did not like.
8. In the description entered prezikov number and birth control pills.
9. Another mother`s help, in which it becomes clear why there is no access to a pharmacy in town.
10. Opportunity to masturbate in toilet Station. Of course with great excitement.
11. Added the ability to combat the use of the program travmatika, pistols and machine. Just remember theoretically game if you live bullet to the people of firearms. The combat system is very oak and mine is the maximum, that can be squeezed out of it.
12. Slightly increased statistics can give birth to a child whose SG. 
13. introduced a variable totminut to count how many minutes have passed since the beginning of the game. With this variable. 
14. Little action with Dima Nosov. Dance at the disco. Meeting after school. 
15. Little the encounter with Ivan Prokhorov and event in the gym shower.
16. Expanding quest with Dima (acquaintance in the supermarket) from JSheppard
17. Little sistemka simulating love or desire. After talking with the object of desire will be for some time held the maximum mood. These two NPCs, Dima Nosov and Ivan Prokhorov.
18. Remade Sonia Ivanko. She starts ordinary devchenkoy and disco you can see her fall.
19. Quest Albina, not finished. May protect against raids gopoty school.
20. You can join the pro team in volleyball. So far. 2 entry options, depending on the reputation.
21. Added by climbing the rope in gym class.
22. School competitions in running.
23. Extend the application of the guys at the disco.
24. You can ask the mother to buy new clothes. If some sort of clown nachiterit yourself money and buy the whole range of ladies he will get a flight out of the game at this location. And do not tell, I did not warn.
25. Little development Katie Meynold.
26. countdown absenteeism, and consequences, including expulsion from school and that, parents kicked out of the house.
27. Bit randomly talk with drinking beer with his sister.
28. A small event with Christina Zvereva, after winning the city running race. There are several options.
29. Added the possibility to buy a handbag, beautician, napkins, comb, bottle of water and buterbrot. All of these things are available at any time via the menu handbags. You can buy in the supermarket, Department of cosmetics and products (water and boutique).
'
*nl
'version 0.9.8 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Increased duration of schooling. Of course it will have to start a new game. While blokanul of the small number of content.
2. No big changes town. Added some actions NPCs. In general. Slightly altered the option to chat with classmates.
3. Cheat menu located under the menu item "magic"
4. changes in body. regulate muscularity.
5. Added shower and locker room in the House of Culture.
6. Added the ability to watch what breasts SG.
7. Introduced the background and features a choice of character. again, we need a new game.
8. Little has changed in the clinic part time town. An opportunity to forge a certificate while working as a cleaner in the clinic.
9. The toilets at the station.
10. Event at the station. 3 pieces. no porn.
11. Fixed a bug with stats sex with ordinary guys at the disco.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.7.1 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Added Vit`ka action in a disco.
2. Added option to drink in the kitchen for parents.
3. Fixed a bug with Artem.
4. Added sex game events Zvezdushkam.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.7 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Expanding `s Event at the disco in town.
- travel can be diluted to loot with a dominant. Tselkov now be much more profitable.
- You can improve the reputation, again with a dominant. Gopota can knock out a tooth, is a constant minus to the exterior. While there is no dentist.
- More options with ordinary guys at the disco. There are options depending on dominance.
- Options send gopotu, if they willed group blowjob. Of course .
- Dominance can be obtained if on Friday to participate in a game of Volley section.
2. Other books in the library. 3 species.
3. Reaction to sperm club.
4. Opportunity to pull up study with one of the nerds. Event attached to the Bothan. While in the base.
5. Relationship with Kate Meynold if the census at the disco. It can apply cosmetics SG.
7. Diverse help mother.
8. The opportunity to mock classmates outcasts.
9. Amended the code in case of overeating. 
10. Now, but also on the relationship.
11. Little developed boyfriend in town. no sex.
12. Remade father stepfather. Added respective dialogues.
13. Development of relations with Vityok Kotov.
14. Professional dance in the dance team. At high enough skill can make money.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.6.1 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Fix bug too early discharge.
2. Added section volleyball.
3. While locked empty sexy dance.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.6 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Bug fixes alternative start
2. Event at the disco. 
3. Work as a cleaner at the station.
4. Event at school. For characters who ruined reputation.
5. Something which changes the gym, introduced a library, changed the station.
6. Made system boyfriends, but then walks through the square nothing.
7. Changed reaction mother and sister.
'
'version 0.9.5.3 edited by Bastard'
'1. Family reaction to semen on the body, to deprive of virginity.'
'2. Event in town, light edits Event at the old town (alternative Start).'
*nl
'version 0.9.5.2 edited by Bastard'
'1. Expanding the list `s Event, available in town.'
'2. Adding a reputation in town (slut/not a whore).'
*nl
'version 0.9.5.1 edited by Bastard'
'1. little sex-event in a cafe in the town with an alternative game.'
'2. Added to the Event Square.'
'3. Part-time in the hospital and in the park.'
*nl
'version 0.9.5 edited by DeGross'
'
1. Correction Event at the park. Thank_U Ramia73
2. Fix bug always busy manager Porno studio.
3. Ivan added a bit of action after work.
'

*nl
'version 0.9.4 edited by DeGross'
'1. The next correction plumber. Put to the missing letter with copy-paste.
2. Micro event with a neighbor in the stairwell and the metro. While no porn.
3. Fixed a bug walk in the park.
4. Increase and change in events on the beach with two men.
5. Changes in events with a fisherman on the beach.
6. The new part, possible after they met on the beach with two men. Yet not a lot `s Event.
7. Fixes incorrect statistics in glorihole club.
8. Alternative acquisition of drugs with breaking and lack of money.
9. New stat Bezstydstvo. While weak binding. All as a test.
10. Development Event in bystroezhke with the possibility of a new job.
11. New work in bystroezhke with Event.

'
*nl
'version 0.9.3 edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed a bug Plumber.
2. Opportunity to meet with Yuri after the initial failure. (quest while working as a cleaner.)
3. Small changes dating Tanya in the fitness center.
4. Changes in the sex system EfimovRA. Removed the ability to constantly press the button "yet".
5. Corrections in the panel.
'
*nl
'version 0.9.2 edited by DeGross'
'1. Fixed a bug with Ivan Event.
2. Remade payment on the panel in the park.
'
*nl
'version 0.9 edited by DeGross'
'1. Changed event with a plumber.
2. The terms of the attack on the street. Now can attack only 0 prior_to 3hours.
3. Reduced the probability of robbery.
4. Not a big change in the Event bystroezhke.
5. Corrections quest Yuri. (work as a cleaner)
6. New event in bystroezhke. Begins if we abandon harassment manager Ivan. In the event a few scenarios.'
*nl
'version 0.8.8 edited by EfimovRA'
'Added some Event at the apartment.
Added event arrest.'
*nl
'version 0.8.7 edited by EfimovRA'
'Added the ability to marry men with a normal character.
Added the ability to invite guys home when the husband is not at home
Added reaction husband masturbation and dog.
The ability to shoot a piercing and get rid of the animals.
Expanded over the Internet.'
*nl
'version 0.8.6.1 edited by EfimovRA'
'Possibility of sale and any available stitched clothes'
*nl
'version 0.8.6 edited by EfimovRA'
'Continued a little flat Thani.
Do a search of earning through computer (while only two options)
Reworked shop fashionista.
And a few small changes'
*nl
'version 0.8.5 edited by EfimovRA'
'Added some Event at bath hostel.
Reduced speed rubbing calluses in 10 time.
Removed decline skill runs from yeast.'
*nl
'version 0.8.4 edited by EfimovRA'
'changed bath, in toilets added the ability to change the gasket.
Fixed a few minor bugs.'
*nl
'version 0.8 edited by EfimovRA'
'Event at the office.'
*nl
'version 0.79 edited by Etogame'
'Lake in the dacha cooperative'
'House of Culture in the town and Events'
'Vocational school in the town and Events'
'Work as a teacher in vocational school'
'Correction of grammatical errors'
*nl
'version 0.78 edited by EfimovRA'
'Added the ability to invite guys on dates, plus game events on these dates.'
'Make room Masha.'
*nl
'version 0.77 edited by Etogame'
'House in suburban co-op (bought in the center)'
'Event at dacha cooperative'
'access, the roof and the attic event'
'Event on the market'
'Mini event on the trash'
'Correction of the bar in the club (can not endlessly drunk)'
'Photos of the mansion'
*nl
'version 0.76 edited by EfimovRA'
'Added the possibility of visiting some girls, plus game events on these dates'
*nl
'version 0.752 edited by DeGross'
'Random changed in the park.'
'Fixed mending tailor.'
'Event Nastya from Etogame'
*nl
'version 0.75 edited by DeGross'
'new store 130 units clothing'
'Expanded the number of options a bit of sex in the sauna. There_Were 2, became 3.'
'Casino in the northern region.'
'42 Mini Event in a cafe during operation and redesigned interface cafe. 2 Event honestly `ve stole the game with Cain.'
'Added event in the sex shop with Kendra (if you with it already familiar in the dorm.) author EfimovRA'
'Added description in shower, the_bathroom, tv_set, bed, shaving depending on the residence time of a girl.'
'You can buy land and build a house for him. Need a whole abyss of money. At the moment.'
'Northern Highway to the provincial town, stations and trains are attached.'
'redone wash, Now laundry is not mandatory, Only if the laundry is dressed. What would need to wash shampoo.'
'If you go without underwear you can rub your vagina. To counteract the negative effects of this ointment sold in pharmacies.'
'Extended event with Irina at work in a cafe.'
'Event at the site unfinished, so the entrance to the construction site blocked.'
*nl
'version 0.745 edited by DeGross'
'Alteration of the menu Bastard'
*nl
'version 0.742 edited by DeGross'
'Event at the restaurant from etogame'
*nl
'version 0.742 edited by DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
'The influence of the number of boys and the number of times of heavy use of drugs at the age of'
'The effect of age on the appearance'
'Erasing sperm clothing.'
*nl
'version 0.741 edited by DeGross'
'bugfix from EfimovRA.'
'Ability to automatically sleep after dressing clothes.'
'bugfixes, Event in a cafe with piercings, bugfix Kisame, bugfix Blacks. Correction of cigarettes.'
*nl
'version 0.74 edited by DeGross'
'event from EfimovRA'
'Girl in sports hall, in the apartment where you can get a governess(not completely included).
Education and work masseuse massage in the salon with Event. Plus familiarity with the two girls in the same place(so far only acquaintance.to. they are still in the process.)
Option to run away from the abuser.
Couple Event at the cafe with visitors.
Two cameras and the ability to shoot in the park and compromising strip-club, chance to earn some money .
In the center of the mall and shops, and bowling, billiards and a cinema with several event.'
'change from DeGross'
'Introduction dependence of the probability of condom STDs. They also do not 100% protection.'
'Changes in the race.'
'Introduced harder drugs, in which there is no penalty to the exterior of the RFP.'
'Fixed Jora.'
'Piercing parlor in the northern region. Piercing is also made.'
'Education on the weekends on the right for a fee.'
'Introduced cigarettes and smoking.'
*nl
'version 0.735 edited by DeGross'
'Menu from the user Bastard.'
'Changes in the treatment of STDs. Vitaminki quenched thrush and herpes.'
'Perhaps a complete cure of STDs, but a lot of money.'
*nl
'version 0.734 edited by DeGross'
'Correction saves for patients with herpes.'
*nl
'version 0.733 edited by DeGross'
'Bagfiksing.'
*nl
'version 0.732 edited by DeGross'
'Bagfiksing.'
*nl
'version 0.731 edited by DeGross'
'Bagfiksing.'
'Dishwasher and washing machine.'
*nl
'version 0.73 edited by DeGross'
'Corrections from Bastard and monsend.'
'Event dog from ReiQ, familiarity with Rimma and Margarita. Repeating event with Margarita. Watch_Out, in the event there is a certain disposition to which you may miss the opportunity to meet with Rimma.'
'Event with Rimma, 21 option sex.'
'Event of the garbage JSheppard'
'Significantly expanded the list of sexually transmitted diseases. Places where you can plunge a lot, but on the basis of randomness. Many diseases are not curable and require regular treatment. RFP in the open stage appearance gone into minus values.'
'Reduced the prize for winning the competition on the run.'
'Changes in freezing winter.'
'Increased prices in the beauty salon.'
'Room in a hostel with a neighbor Vika, through which you can get into a brothel,
and the occasional porn at work in the store and classes in the gym. from EfimovRA'
*nl
'version 0.723 edited by DeGross'
'Corrections in the clinic.'
'Fixes a job at a strip-club.'
'Corrections absenteeism at work in the shop Keys Pussy.'
'Correction wear clothes from Kis Kiski'
'Correction of learning dance on a pole'
'Corrections are not correct randomness and forgotten exit from monsend'
*nl
'version 0.722 edited by DeGross'
'Corrections in the strip-club.'
*nl
'version 0.721 edited by DeGross'
'bugfix. Blank screen in the VIP room of the club.'
'Small changes freezing.'
*nl
'version 0.72 edited by DeGross'
'Suffered a menu in a common file that there were no problems on systems other than vindovs.'
'Education in the fitness center dancing. Ability to work as a stripper.'
'continuation of the game "sunset Dead"'
'Additional button to select between text and indicate the status menu bar.'
'Development of a lake with event and work in the clinic from EfimovRA'
'Event at the club and strip-club of EfimovRA'
'Make it possible to engage in prostitution in the park without a fight at the beginning of. Made options when talking with the bandits did not have enough money.'
*nl
'version 0.71 edited by DeGross'
'Bagfiksing'
*nl
'version 0.7 edited by DeGross'
'Event with a security guard in the building where you can earn a cleaner. In the same building event with Yuri.'
'Event with vocal teacher in DC.'
'colds.'
'Medicine for cold, vitamins. Vitamins do not provide sick, and drugs inhibit disease. They can not cure. Also useful for skin vitamins.'
'Moisturizing Lip Balm. When using a slightly increased attractiveness, and from the frequent use can grow lips.'
'Ice cream and sweets. Quick bite good uplifting, but giving the body a lot of fat.'
'Winter clothing that gives a bonus to the exterior outside the apartment, Of course in the winter.'
'Event with the doctor`s disease from Happosai'
'Integrated café in the northern region of Goose'
'file cars, shop kitty pussy and quest integrated file IT.'
'Changes made ​​to the prostitution panel, author of the idea and code Lethzer'
*nl
'version 0.692 edited by DeGross'
'Bagfiksing cork, Called game crashes.'
'Corrections extra endov.'
*nl
'version 0.691 edited by DeGross'
'Bagofiksing dog.'
'Bugfix wrong exit in the bathroom brushing bystroezhki.'
*nl
'<B>version History.</B>'
'version 0.69 edited by DeGross, leol'
'Changes made ​​to Leola
1. Event with a host of sex shops.  To activate you need : subordination >100 , appearance >26 must be purchased dildo and anal plug. (event as an opportunity to expand smart enough)
2. removed in my opinion once the text panel «further description» , pridelal pseudographic indicators (changing font, with them possible bugs, (best fonts Microsoft Sans Serif and Tahoma) in Georgia alas characters is not enough)
3. If you have had sex with Givi Karapetovich ,  even without working in a cafe 
4. If you ever had sex with Ashot cafe , it is likely that you will not just «chat»  in the kitchen.
5. Anal plug can only be inserted after the enema
6. Some characters before sex began to react to the presence in the body of the anal plug.'
'DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
'Event of Maggota in bystroezhke, had to be excluded from the part of the Event due to technical problems.'
'Event Isolde in the apartment.'
'Masturbation on the sofa in front of computer.'
'The reaction to the character mired in semen.'
'Online game in the computer. Made only people, all other races, no spells.(I did not plan anything serious, just running in the combat system with distance and initiative. As well as some new variant of the device boevki. The very full boevka, but I do not bother any monsters (their 12 pcs), no spells.)'
'When you have a computer, The shop you can buy the game "sunset dead". This is quite independent game, with his Boevki, developments .'
*nl
'version 0.681 edited by DeGross'
'Bagofiksing relegation dog'
*nl
'version 0.68 edited by DeGross'
'bug_fixes'
'New event beginning in the park on the rides.'
*nl
'version 0.67'
'Added clothes shop kitty-pussy.(Nothing makes.)'
'bug_fixes'
'Added event bestiality of Grey'
*nl
'version 0.66'
'Added opening event of the Grey'
'Sex with a dog is divided into steps'
'Bug fix Yaroslav'
*nl
'version 0.65 edited by Dr'
'At the request of the workers in the system back button "emergency exit".'
'Fixed a bug with the repair of apartments (earlier it was possible to make repairs without having enough money to care in the negative).'
'Fixed a bug with sex in a toilet in the cafe (when choosing "Opt_Out" it was not possible to go).'
'During the test the bug in the pool (fight with Kisane) he stopped play. If he is found again - write !'
'In the porn studio included 4 new type shooting, bugs please write. Also slightly rebalanced prices, to maintain financial balance.'
'update sleep - now you can not get out of bed to continue sleeping.'
'minor bug fixes.'
*nl
'version 0.64 edited by Floser'
'added Pet'
'Added in the Park Event'
'Added the ability to have sex with a dog'
'Event added to a businessman (you have to be a student, whatever quest you can take in the park)'
*nl
'version 0.63 edited by Dr'
'Many small bug fixes.'
'Adding buttons and Magic Update interface. (At the beginning of the game Magic item is not available)'
'Added additional opportunities at the university at the time of a large number kursoviki.'
'Added the ability to redeem their porn videos and break with porn studio.'
'Added some reasonable restrictions on the parameters and skills.'
'Anus and vagina restore normal size over time.'
*nl
'version 0.62 edited by DeGross'
'<font color=red>In the preservation of other versions may buggy body proportions, should gradually enter the norm.</font>'
'Fixed a bug excess appearance and other claims bugs.'
'Introduced buffer variables strongly braking set and weight loss.'
'Changing the Interface.'
'No big changes coming up in a randomly guys cafe while eating.'
'Completely rewritten all the action with Caucasians from the cafe. Tried to make interactive activities.'
'Written by a new sex program for guys who invite you to their home. Acts only on those with whom you can meet in a cafe.'
*nl
'version 0.61 edited by DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
'Added job market.'
*nl
'version 0.6 edited by DeGross'
'To avoid bugs need to start a new game.'
'Completely rewrote the porn studio. Add description in any porn filmed. Total film 6five pieces, which fall randomness. But always . Interest in you will fall and increase the waiting time between movies.'
'Added tracking boyfriends in statistics'
'Corrected gifts boyfriends.'
'edited running, made randomly acquired skills and made ​​an entrance to the competition, which seem to have been forgotten by Dan.'
'You can assign a date boyfriends.'
'Remade on random knowledge Gopnik your skeletons in the closet. Gopnik now do not care if you just shot in the pictures as a model.'
'Changed reset athleticism. Now the hero is not so fast to lose in shape.'
*nl
'version 0.59 edited by Dan Henderson'
'Added and adapted competitions in running out of students'
*nl
'version 0.582 edited by DeGross'
'Completely remade Gopnik.'
*nl
'version 0.581 edited by DeGross'
'Included and corrected the event of gray in a summer cafe.'
*nl
'version 0.58 edited by DeGross'
'Added shop where you can get a job. Author store Anako I tore out of his shop game SweatGames together with all event. For which many thanks to him.'
*nl
'version 0.57 edited by Dan Henderson'
'Adding machines from Albedo'
'Bug fixes porn studio, after dosnyatiya new film begins only after Peter and the approach to be of another type, correcting the lack of hunger and fatigue during the shooting and the casting of the weekend'
'Fixed a bug with displaying photos in the porn studio'
'Fix bug of time in studio, three o`clock surveys are now under the present'
'Correction of large photos, beyond, changing gallery of persons, addition 2 gifok'
*nl
'version 0.56 edited by DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
'Added the ability to give birth. Baby just lying in her crib and did not have the associated.'
'Added the ability to go beyond the husband. Only for sniveller. Husband will live in your apartment, each month to bring the salary to the house. But we must prepare him, wash, clean apartment, otherwise divorce.'
*nl
'version 0.553 edited by DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
*nl
'version 0.552 edited by DeGross'
'bug fixes.'
*nl
'version 0.551 edited by DeGross'
'Join the library Olegusa.'
'Made notebook'
'Changed in a supermarket sale items.'
'Changed in the apartment description.'
*nl
'version 0.55 edited by DeGross'
'error correction, gave a new version, because artisanal stuffed bugs game to the very top and had a long time to fix.'
*nl
'version 0.54 edited by Tkk'
'Work vibrator'
'Correct operation of tattoos, they can look - that`s just for this 0.54'
'So you can watch the tattoo - go once-the other to a medium in DC.'
'Dima returned continuation of the shame'
*nl
'version 0.53 edited by Tkk'
'Added hostel, Ghosh and Africans.'
''
'Added porn studio, eclipsing whom-Albedo is a brave, Grand merci to the man (Evgen, kaatso). respectively, changed by IT.'
'added vibrator. He picks up every hour using zhelashki.'
'Event in the bathroom of the club.'
'new (well forgotten old) opening event in the park and on the lake.'
'You can retire from work secretary.'
'Gopnik is now not just a foul near the cafe.'
'Curve and oblique reputation system.'
'themselves look, in general, I`m too lazy to write.'
*nl
'version 0.5'
'1) Fixed a bug growth lips.
2) Added to the beauty salon liposuction, reduction of the lips,  solarium
3) added abortion
4) strip-club, randomly or evening with a female striptease, either male. different actions.
5) Taxi uptown.
6) In the sex shops added strapon anal tube.
7) Event randomly on the beach.
8) Event randomly in the supermarket.
9) Did a spell for idiots who can not cope with the weight. Karin you ever make those parameters of the body, what you want, just do not expect that there will be more chest 1a size. want more, Piha silicone.
10) Not a great addition to the system boyfriends.
 - Changed Gift.
- test version of the beginning of cohabitation. (very superficial and one type of character.)
- 3 opening event for the aggressive type of character (cafe, theater, park)
11) Added dating site online game,
site Features
- Familiarity with randomly Man (if there is no boyfriend), the opportunity to choose the type of character.
12) Start opening event lesbian club.Event is not my, will continue as soon as the author continued to lay out.
13) Processing parameter appearance.
- Weakened the influence of Sun.
-Increase the influence of clothes.
- Loose initial requirements boyfriends in appearance.
- Create a more flexible and differentiated requirements boyfriend throw in appearance after the first sex.
14) Increased with the size of the excess 8 prior_to 12 Clothes class pants.
15) Event waitress Irene.
16) Dietetic foods and fat burners.
17) Small changes in the system of orgasms. '
*nl
'version 0.4.1'
'Fixed a bug with the taxi driver.
Fixed a bug walking without panties.
Fixed a lot of bugs in the relationship with her boyfriend.
Event in the park with her boyfriend.
Fixed bugs anal sex.'
*nl
'version 0.4'
'Create your own online and pay for it, the Internet is just a porn site.
Created pool and Event akvafilii
The possibility of clashes in the park at night
drugs, get used to it, I am so against dope, that could not even bring myself to test
Fixed a bug nightclub
Fixed a bug in the bank
Redesigned and enhanced quest in the subway
Added 1 spell
Completely reworked system of relations with her boyfriend, added anal, Pegging, enema.
The opportunity to wear pants or not, There are two places where there may be a reaction to a combination of lack of skirts and panties.
Added part in Bystroeshke.
redone autosave.
The fitness center locker screwed, with shower, wardrobe and mirror.
Completely reworked system sleep'
*nl
'version 0.3'
'Fixed a bug with a meal in the cafe
Fixed a bug combat system
Added various steps in the park.
Added 16 dresses
Added 4 pieces of jeans
Added 18 pieces of sportswear
in_total 70 units clothing (Sales is not just a couple of pieces of clothing.), sell clothes differ in their properties by groups, dresses in one group, in other skirts, at short third, pants in the fourth, in jeans fifth, in sportswear sixth. For example, but between jeans and a skirt there is a difference, Jeans more durable, but they will not be allowed into a nightclub and.t.d.
Added a taxi to the center
Possible bug fixed avalanche gain fat in the fall mood
Added workout in the fitness club
Added part cleaner
Added activities in nightclub, there feyskontrol, (or skirt, or dress, necessarily cosmetics)
Added activities in sex shop, (the possibility of part-time work)
Added home workout
Added a continuation of the plot, learning magic
Small changes in relationships with guys
Added minikvest subway
Added entry to the university and training there until graduation
Added steps to the clinic
Changed description of health, moods, reason with numerical in writing
You can put the money deposited in the bank, (with the defeat in the battle all the cash is lost), added an ATM in a shopping center
Amateur kickboxing fighters with different levels, give a discharge for the series of victories.
Added probability of clashes at work as a prostitute.
Added probability of venereal disease and treatment added
autosave after sleep
With the ability to earn a photo studio model.'
*nl
'version 0.2'
'Pay special attention to the button "emergency exit" this button takes you to the street from absolutely anywhere, its purpose out of a blank screen bug, do not indulge in it just, sobete something, broken preservation and get a steady bug.
introduced prehistory
changed Service
Not a big change in the mechanism of sleep
Fixed several bugs are not significant
Introduced the possibility of dating and relationships, (working in cafes and on the beach.)
Created combat engine, which is still almost nowhere to apply. Only fight with dzhuga in prehistory.
The development of relations with the owner of the cafe.'
*nl
'version 0.1'
*nl
'Changing parameters Player, weight, appearance, age. Age is divided into the passport and the age of the appearance. Age passport is changed accordingly once a year, and appearance can as quickly catch up and overtake the actual age, and hopelessly behind, it depends on many factors.
25 pieces of clothing, excluding swimsuit. Clothing has a width dimension thighs, 8cm or less, but more than that or less, veil and armor disappears when you try to dress. Just wear clothes. 
periods, the possibility of pregnancy. True until the result of one, complications and to the light.
televisions, computer, things around the house. TV set and a computer implemented until at the most primitive level.
Any washing, ironing, dish washer, grooming, makeup.
Smer has, did so. If you do not eat or drink, then flippers your game character toss.
Need to pay for an apartment and pay for the light. Payment apartments fixed, and the light depends on how much you jump on the apartment and the use of electric appliances.
Phone while just for fun, You can only call on the three numbers, and then, speak there is nothing to.
introduced 1 the_work, a waitress in a cafe. The work itself is entirely implemented, elevated through relationships with employees, though still have the development of relations only with Ashot, and then, all very lamppost and surface.
Sexually implemented feedback, your character will not be a puppet orgazmiruet the slightest touch, orgasm influenced by many factors. And sex itself has an effect on mood and mind, according to experience sensations.
no quests. However .'


'Thank_U Ma99oT,AltarIK for bug reports. from Tkk. Well=D'


act '<center><b>start the game</b></center>':
cla
music_on=0
SHOWSTAT 1
SHOWOBJS 1
addobj 'player'
gt'roomPRE'
>>>>>>> 003_begin
end

<<<<<<< 003_begin
act '<center>Original start (skip intro)</center>':
	gs 'begin1'
	gt 'street'
end

act '<center><b>Start the alternative game</b></center>':
	cla
	showstat 1
	showobjs 1
	!addobj 'Player'
	gt 'alterStart'
end
=======
act '<center><b>Alternative start game</b></center>':
cla
SHOWSTAT 1
SHOWOBJS 1
!addobj 'player'
gt'alterStart'
end

act '<center>Quick Start</center>':
music_on=0
gs'begin1'
gt'street'
end

>>>>>>> 003_begin
--- begin ---------------------------------

